= Gino gem

This gem is a notification center for git.

== Configuration

You can configure all options in ~/.ginorc file. 

Example:

  server:
    host: localhost
    port: 9001

  email:
    from: "noreply@example.org"
    subject: "Gino has notified you!"
    delivery_method: 'smtp'
    config:
      address: localhost
      port: 1025

Please notice that for the configuration to work, YML keys have to be symbols, e.g. ":server:" instead of "server:". Unfortunately Rdoc doesn't seem to support such syntax.

== Server

Runs http server that handles git events send by the hook. Right now it must be run on the same machine as tracked repository. 

  gino_server

== Client

Manages users' subscription and repositories.

  Usage: gino [options]
      -h, --help                       Show help
      -v, --version                    Show version
  
  Add new subscription
    gino subscription add USER_EMAIL
  
  List subscriptions
    gino subscription list [options]
      -u, --user USER_EMAIL            Show for user
  
  Remove subscription
    gino subscription remove ID
  
  Add new repository
    gino repository add NAME PATH API_URL

== Limitations

* right now only bare repositories are supported

== Contributing to gino
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Grzegorz Miklaszewski. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.